Spawn a flurry of ephemeral  copies of yourself that dissapear after a few moments.
Can speed up or slow down something in line of sight. The change is momentum is transferred to something nearby. You don't get to pick what.
Whenever you would sustain serious injury, you instead teleport back to the last location in which you slept.
Concentrate hard to build up your power. When you release it, all bones (other than your own) within the area of effect shatter into dust. Radius of AoE is a number of yards equal to the number of hours you spend charging up the attack.
You can tag someone to have your conciousness shadow them. Remain where you are in meditation and share in the target's senses. You can communicate with them and focus on different stimuli then they do. 
Take control of one person's body. You need to keep your finger pointed at them for a full 30 seconds for the power to activate, and the control dissapears if you break line of sight for more than a few seconds.
You can coat your body in a dense layer of rocky armor. The armor can extend to anyone whose hand you are holding.
You can cause earth and stone nearby to dissapear as if being rapidly eroded by invisible water.
You intuitively know how to use creatures as  armor. Allows you to skin dragons to make scale mail, or just take a living turtle and convince it to sit on your head as a helmet. Find a bunch of squirrels; walk around as a ball of fur and teeth.
Reduce friction on nearby surfaces. You can turn the effect on or off, but it applies to every sruface nearby and you can't be selective about the effect.
Choose one emotion (anger, suspicion, fear, etc.). No one in the entire world can feel that emotion towards you. The emotion can be changed when you wake up from a good night's sleep.
Your body can rewind through time. Undo injuries. Return to a space you used to occupy. Uses your blood as fuel. Rewinding more than a few minutes would make you pass out. 
Sugar rush guy
When you activate your power while trying to accomplish a task, your body shifts into a form that will help you. You don't get to choose the form, and it almost always adheres to typical humanity. For example, if you are trying to get a friend out of jail, you will usually shift to resemble a gaurd that works there or some important person that was expected to visit. Very very rarely, you will turn into a weirdo  skinny enough to slip between bars.
Hold a candle and have someone else light it. As long as the candle burns in your hand, the other person is gifted with enhanced strength, speed, reflexes, durability, or odor.  When the candles go out or leave your grip, the beneficiary of the candle experiences a short jolt of pain.
You can speak to rocks. They are constantly trying to get your attention. You can get them to attack people or do other favors if you agree to carry them around and show them new places.
While touching someone, you become strengthened, and they become weakened. You can choose how much strength to steal, up to and including completely paralyzing the target.
Once per hour, on the hour, your power obliterates whatever you are touching with your left hand.You can't control the timing, but you can control the extent. If you are touching a brick wall, you can destroy a single brick, or the entire wall.  The effect doesn't destroy living animal  matter and doesn't activate while you are sleeping. 
Write down a plan on a piece of paper. If following the plan would result in you personally becoming wealthier, then the paper catches on fire.
Shoot beams of light out of your hands. Anyone struck by a beam gains knowledge of the location and weaknesses of anyone else who has been struck by a beam.










Mover
    
    takeoff
    transit
    terminus
    Flight
    Teleportation
    Running
    Rocket
    Rider
    Gate
    Slider
    Bouncer
    Slip through things
    Inertia Control
    Gravity
Shaker
Brute
    Immunity 
    Tough skin
Breaker
    Time stop
    Environmental Protection
Master
    Create Minions
    Animal Control
        Type of animal
        Power Level
            Innate talent for animal training.
            Can speak to animals. They don't have to listen.
            Animals are compelled to follow any command they hear you say.
            Psychic link with animals: control their bodies and share their senses.
    Mind Control
    Emotion Manipulation
    Memory control
Tinker (Superscience)
Blaster
Thinker (Enhanced Senses)
    Future sight
Striker
changer
Trump
    Nullifier
    Adaptive Power
    Gift powers
    Copy Powers
    Alter Powers
    Copy People

Stranger
    Hammer Space
    Illusion
    Sounds illusion
    Incorporeal
    Mirror Self
    Cloaking
    Steal
    Imitate
    Hide people
    Debilitate
    Ambush taps
    affect senses
    Posions and Parasites





Power Throw eggs
    Barely worth noting
    Needs special tactics
    Focus in combat
    Evacuation is priority
    Power level  3 needs professional help
    Power level 
    Power level 8 Evacuation
    Power level 10 Super bad stuff
    Power level


Psychic
Animal Control
    Explanation
    Power Level
    
search your soul and reawaken the undying light
- - - - - - - - - - - - -
ev er y bo dy but kir by has died


Mage hand super boss




Telekenissis

planet creation
chain manipulation
reule ceeation
invincible super shark
imunity to everything, including knowledge that the ussr has collapsed
